Dear Student, We got your contact through your school database and I'm happy
to inform you that our reputable company Cisco Systems Inc® is currently running 
a student empowerment program. This program is to help devoted and hardworking 
students secure a part time job which does not deter them from doing any other, 
you just need a few hours to do this weekly and with an attractive weekly wages. 
KINDLY EMAIL BACK WITH YOUR PERSONAL EMAIL ADDRESS IF INTERESTED IN THIS JOB POSITION.

Hello, Are you currently in the US? Here is an opportunity for you to work part
time after classes and earn $500 weekly. The job is completely done online and 
can be completed anytime in the evening/night at home and won't take much of your
time daily, you don't have to be online all day and don't need any professional 
skill to do the job, all you need is just come online before going to bed to 
forward all order of the day made by agents to the supplier and you are done 
for the day


Hi Student, I am Dr Ralph Abraham, I feel comfortable discussing this WORK- STUDY
opening with you since you were referred by the university chamber of commerce.
I am very busy, that is why I have asked for your help as my temporary personal 
assistant. I provide individual and group therapy, coaching, assessment and many 
University students with academic difficulties and no prior diagnosis are seen 
and assessed through the academic screening and assessment process.

Hello! My name is Shafaq. Your website or a website that your company hosts is
infringing on a copyright-protected images owned by myself. Take a look at 
this document with the links to my images you used at website.berkeley.edu and
my earlier publications to get the evidence of my copyrights. Download it right
now and check this out for yourself: 
hxxps://sites.google.com/view/a0hf49gj29g-i4jb48n5/drive/folders/shared/1/download?ID=308682351554855915 
I believe you have willfully infringed my rights under 17 U.S.C. Section 101 
et seq. and could be liable for statutory damages as high as $150,000 as set 
forth in Section 504(c)(2) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”) therein.

Berkeley University of California is seeking an Research Assistant/services
of a competent Undergraduate Student Administrative Assistant to work 
Part-time and get paid $350 weekly. Tasks will be carried out remotely. If 
interested, Do text your name to (808) 378-1179 so as to proceed Bernhard 
Boser Professor, (808) 378-1179. 490A Cory Hall

Dear students, Berkeley University Of California health professionals have been
closely monitoring the spread of COVID-19 over the past two months.Therefore 
the university is organizing an online part time job to sustain the students 
living.I'm happy to inform you that our reputable company CORESTAFF SERVICES Inc®,
is currently running a student empowerment program. KINDLY EMAIL BACK WITH YOUR
PERSONAL EMAIL ADDRESS IF INTERESTED IN THIS JOB POSITION. Kind Regards Donna 
Lisa HR Manager/Consultant CORESTAFF SERVICES Inc®

Dear Student, Your access to your library account is expiring soon due to 
inactivity. To continue to have access to the library services, you must 
reactivate your account. For this purpose, click the web address below or 
copy and paste it into your web browser. A successful login will activate your
account and you will be redirected to your library profile. 
https://auth.berkeley.edu/cas/login?service=https%3a%2f%(link is external) If
you are not able to login, please contact at xxxxx@berkeley.edu
(link sends e-mail) for immediate assistance.

Dear User, Someone else was trying to use your Berkeley ID to sign into iCloud 
via a web browser. Date and Time: 28 October 2016, 1:38 PM Browser: Firefox 
Operating System: Windows Location:Thailand If the information above looks 
familiar, you can disregard this email. If you have not recently and believe 
someone may be trying to access your account, you should Click Here. 
Sincerely, Technical Support Team

We have detected irregular activity on your account on the date 10/20/2016. For
your protection, we have temporary limited your account. In order to regain full
access to your account, you must verify this activity before you can continue 
using your account. We have sent you an attachment , open it and follow the steps
to verify your account. Once completed, please allow up to 48h to update.
Copyright © 2016 BankOfAmerica, All rights reserve IrregularActivityFile.html

Hello, We've noticed that some of your account information appears to be missing
or incorrect, we need to verify your account information in order to continue 
using your Apple ID. Please Verify your account information by clicking on the 
link below. Sign in using your Apple ID to start the process, Verify Now. 
Wondering why you got this email? When you don't regularly update your Apple 
ID information, Apple will require you to sign in by following the link in a 
verification email and update your information. This is to help protect your 
identity and keep your account secure. Apple Support